README.md, before:

# OS Vector Tile API Stylesheets
Cartographic stylesheets for use with [OS Vector Tile API](https://osdatahub.os.uk/docs/vts/overview) which is available from the [OS Data Hub](https://osdatahub.os.uk/).

As OS Vector Tile API is available in two projections, EPSG:27700 and EPSG:3857, which have different zoom levels, we provide a seperate stylesheet for both.

## Getting started
[This code example](https://labs.os.uk/public/os-data-hub-examples/os-vector-tile-api/vts-example-custom-style) will help you integrate these stylesheets into your application with options for various web mapping libraries.

## Styles

### 3D buildings
![3D buildings style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/3D.png)
Use this style to add 3D building extrusions to your map. 
This style uses the building height attributes (RelHMax) on OS MasterMap Topography Layer buildings to show the maximum height of each building footprint.

`OS_VTS_3857_3D.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_3D.json`

### ArcGIS API for JavaScript
![Outdoor style for ESRI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/ESRI.png)
Use this version of the Outdoor style with [ArcGIS API for JavaScript](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/).
Our labelling rules for OS MasterMap Topography Layer Cartographic Text use some elements of the [Mapbox Style Specification](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/) that aren't supported by ESRI. These styles have been designed to be fully compatible with ArcGIS API for JavaScript.

`OS_VTS_3857_ESRI.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_ESRI.json`

### No labels
![No Labels style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/No_Labels.png)
A stripped back map for when topography alone is all you need.

`OS_VTS_3857_No_Labels.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_No_Labels.json`

### Outdoor (OS OpenData)
![Outdoor Open style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/ESRI.png)
Outdoor style for OS OpenData.
NOTE: Only works with the OS OpenData but allows overzoom.

`OS_VTS_3857_Open_Outdoor.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_Open_Outdoor.json`

### Greyscale (OS OpenData)
![Greyscale style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/Greyscale.png)
A simple greyscale style.
NOTE: Only works with the OS OpenData but allows overzoom.

`OS_VTS_3857_Open_Greyscale.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_Open_Greyscale.json`

### Night (OS OpenData)
![Night style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/Night.png)
A pseudo "Night" (inverted greyscale) style.
NOTE: Only works with the OS OpenData but allows overzoom.

Thanks to [Mike Brondbjerg](https://twitter.com/mikebrondbjerg/status/1353765133558943745) for the inspiration.

`OS_VTS_3857_Open_Night.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_Open_Night.json`

### Light
![Light style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/Light.png)
The OS Light style, perfect for backdrop mapping.

`OS_VTS_3857_Light.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_Light.json`

## Licence

The contents of this repository are licensed under the [Open Government Licence 3.0](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/)

![Logo](http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/images/infoman/ogl-symbol-41px-retina-black.png "OGL logo")

Commit message:

New sprites + rename of Night to Dark

README.md, after:

# OS Vector Tile API Stylesheets
Cartographic stylesheets for use with [OS Vector Tile API](https://osdatahub.os.uk/docs/vts/overview) which is available from the [OS Data Hub](https://osdatahub.os.uk/).

As OS Vector Tile API is available in two projections, EPSG:27700 and EPSG:3857, which have different zoom levels, we provide a seperate stylesheet for both.

## Getting started
[This code example](https://labs.os.uk/public/os-data-hub-examples/os-vector-tile-api/vts-example-custom-style) will help you integrate these stylesheets into your application with options for various web mapping libraries.

## Styles

### 3D buildings
![3D buildings style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/3D.png)
Use this style to add 3D building extrusions to your map.
This style uses the building height attributes (RelHMax) on OS MasterMap Topography Layer buildings to show the maximum height of each building footprint.

`OS_VTS_3857_3D.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_3D.json`

### ArcGIS API for JavaScript
![Outdoor style for ESRI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/ESRI.png)
Use this version of the Outdoor style with [ArcGIS API for JavaScript](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/).
Our labelling rules for OS MasterMap Topography Layer Cartographic Text use some elements of the [Mapbox Style Specification](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/) that aren't supported by ESRI. These styles have been designed to be fully compatible with ArcGIS API for JavaScript.

`OS_VTS_3857_ESRI.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_ESRI.json`

### No labels
![No Labels style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/No_Labels.png)
A stripped back map for when topography alone is all you need.

`OS_VTS_3857_No_Labels.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_No_Labels.json`

### Outdoor (OS OpenData)
![Outdoor Open style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/ESRI.png)
Outdoor style for OS OpenData.

NOTE: Only works with the OS OpenData but allows overzoom.

`OS_VTS_3857_Open_Outdoor.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_Open_Outdoor.json`

### Greyscale
![Greyscale style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/Greyscale.png)
A simple greyscale style.

`OS_VTS_3857_Greyscale.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_Greyscale.json`

(OS OpenData with overzoom => `OS_VTS_3857_Open_Greyscale.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_Open_Greyscale.json`)

### Dark
![Dark style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/Dark.png)
A simple dark (inverted greyscale) style.

Thanks to [Mike Brondbjerg](https://twitter.com/mikebrondbjerg/status/1353765133558943745) for the inspiration.

`OS_VTS_3857_Dark.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_Dark.json`

(OS OpenData with overzoom => `OS_VTS_3857_Open_Dark.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_Open_Dark.json`)

### Light
![Light style](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OrdnanceSurvey/OS-Vector-Tile-API-Stylesheets/master/img/Light.png)
The OS Light style, perfect for backdrop mapping.

`OS_VTS_3857_Light.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_Light.json`

(OS OpenData with overzoom => `OS_VTS_3857_Open_Light.json` and `OS_VTS_27700_Open_Light.json`)

## Licence

The contents of this repository are licensed under the [Open Government Licence 3.0](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/).

![Logo](http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/images/infoman/ogl-symbol-41px-retina-black.png "OGL logo")
